So let's create our next page object.
So we've just created the shop content panel, which is the following as shown.
So as a user I may want to select proceed to checkout when I take this button.
I'm presented with the following page.
So this is the next page I'll be created.
So in Eclipse I'll be right clicking page objects and select class and I'm going to give this a name
of shopping cart and then click and finish.
So the first thing I'm going to do is create the Web driver filled.
And then I'm going to create the fields for the locators.
So if I go back to this Web page, the first locator that I'm going to use is this.
I have a promo code link.
So I'm going to right click this link and inspect.
And I'm going to go to Red Rocks Velocity.
And I'm just going to take this top one here.
So I'm going to go back and I'm going to write by.
Have a promo and it's going to equal.
A test selector and I'm going to place that value.
The next field I'm going to create is a promo text.
Box and it's going to equal buyer.
And if I go back to the website.
When I click this link, this text box appears.
So I'm going to right click it and I'm going to inspect it.
Any Red Rocks velocity.
I'm just going to say this first.
This selector.
I'm going to write s selector and place that value like so.
The next one is the promo.
Add a button like so.
And it's going to equal fire.
And this one will be.
This button here.
So on.
And inspect it.
And the MetroPCS velocity.
I'm just going to say this first.
Yes, a selector.
And I'm going to my sister selector and pacer value.
The next field is going to be proceed.
To check out bottom.
And if I go to the website.
You'll see that there is a proceed to check out what's in here somewhere.
Inspect that.
And I'm going to take this first.
When again?
And I'm going to write by CSA selector and paste in that value.
So as you can see, I'm building up my class to contain all the elements that I think I require in my
test.
So once we've created these page objects, we can then build all of our tests using these pages.
So it's a bit of a mundane tasks to do at first, but once this has been created, it's very easy to
construct our tests using it.
So the next one is going to be by.
Delete.
Item one, and it's going to equal buyer.
And if I go back.
I'm going to be focusing will finding a locator for this delete cycle.
But before doing so, let me just demonstrate something to you.
So I'm going to go back to the home page and I'm going to add another product.
And now if I go back to the shopping cart page, you'll see that there's two items now listed.
So if I focus on this first icon and go to random velocity.
Take note of this end of type one.
So if I now focus on the second delete icon, notice how that changes to two.
So the reason for this is that this list is dynamic.
So if I was to add more products to my shopping cart, then the list will grow.
So there will be more elite icons such as M4 type free four, five, etc..
So I am just going to select on this first one and I'm going to take the second SS locator.
And I'm going to go back and here I'm going to write thoughts here selector and pacer value like so.
I'm then going to create a novel one and it's going to be called the Delete.
Item two and it's going to equal buy CSA selector.
And if I go back.
And just focus on that second one.
I'm going to take this one, which is exactly the same set for SQL, M4 Type two.
I'm going to place a hint of a semicolon.
So the final fill that I'd like to take is if I go back.
Is that?
I would like to get the total amount.
And the reason for this is I'm going to use this as ribbon surgeon when I create my test.
So I am going to right click and inspect that total amount.
And if I go to run ox velocity.
You see, I've got a nice car.
Total value.
So I'm going to copy that.
And I'm going to run it by.
Total value equals buyer CSA selector, and I'm just going to provide it like so.
So the next thing is to create a constructor.
And again provide an Webb driver driver.
And here this dot driver equals driver.
And then it's just a matter of creating the public methods.
So I'll create one and then I'll copy the code I've already written, which you can download.
Otherwise, again, you can practice and write your own methods if you'd like to follow.
So I'm going to write a public web element.
And I'm going to give this a name of get.
Have primary.
It's going to return driver thought one element.
And I'm going to purposely have promo filled like so.
I don't import web element for that ever to go away.
So I am now just going to copy in the remaining methods as we've seen the concept many times now.
Like so.
So that is this page object completed.
So thank you again for watching and I'll speak to you in the next lecture.